README.md, before:

# Awesome Project Build with TypeORM

## Steps to run this project:
1. Clone project
2. Switch to branch development
3. `yarn install`
4. Create new file `ormconfig.json` with the content found in `ormconfig.json.example` file
5. Install PostgreSQL
6. Create database bitscreen
7. Create user bitscreen_api with password Admin12 & grant all privileges
8. Execute sync command: `yarn typeorm schema:sync`
9. Insert entry into provider table with random created & updated timestamps and id = 0 and anonymous value to all other custom columns 
10. Run server -> `yarn start`


## Detailed steps (with commands) to run this project (Ubuntu 20.04):
1. Clone project
2. Switch to branch development
3. `yarn install`
4. Create new file `ormconfig.json` with the content found in `ormconfig.json.example` file
5. Install PostgreSQL -> https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04
6. Access PostgreSQL -> `sudo -u PostgreSQL psql`
7. Create database called bitscreen -> `create database bitscreen;`
8. Create user called bitscreen_api with password Admin12 -> `create user bitscreen_api with encrypted password 'Admin12';`
9. Grant privileges to user on database bitscreen -> `grant all privileges on database bitscreen to bitscreen_api;`
10. Execute sync command -> `yarn typeorm schema:sync`
11. From terminal connect to bitscreen database -> `\c bitscreen` (or if you aren't already in postgres interface -> `sudo -u postgres psql -d bitscreen`)
12. Insert entry into provider table with random created & updated timestamps and id = 0 and anonymous value to all other custom columns -> 
`INSERT INTO provider(created, updated, id, "walletAddressHashed", country, "businessName", website, email, "contactPerson", address) VALUES('2021-07-16 10:23:54', '2021-07-16 10:24:54', '0', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous');`
12. Run server -> `yarn start`

## Using TypeORM
- Run `yarn typeorm` to see a complete list of available commands.

Commit message:

update dockerfile and docker-compose files, add entrypoint script to run the db initialization, update README.md

README.md, after:

# Awesome Project Build with TypeORM

## Steps to run this project:
1. Clone project
2. Switch to branch development
3. `yarn install`
4. Create new file `ormconfig.json` with the content found in `ormconfig.json.example` file
5. Install PostgreSQL (or run from docker image, see the section below on Running with docker)
6. Create database bitscreen
7. Create user bitscreen_api with password Admin12 & grant all privileges
8. Execute sync command: `yarn typeorm schema:sync`
9. Insert entry into provider table with random created & updated timestamps and id = 0 and anonymous value to all other custom columns 
10. Run server -> `yarn start`


## Detailed steps (with commands) to run this project (Ubuntu 20.04):
1. Clone project
2. Switch to branch development
3. `yarn install`
4. Create new file `ormconfig.json` with the content found in `ormconfig.json.example` file
5. Install PostgreSQL -> https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-postgresql-on-ubuntu-20-04
6. Access PostgreSQL -> `sudo -u PostgreSQL psql`
7. Create database called bitscreen -> `create database bitscreen;`
8. Create user called bitscreen_api with password Admin12 -> `create user bitscreen_api with encrypted password 'Admin12';`
9. Grant privileges to user on database bitscreen -> `grant all privileges on database bitscreen to bitscreen_api;`
10. Execute sync command -> `yarn typeorm schema:sync`
11. From terminal connect to bitscreen database -> `\c bitscreen` (or if you aren't already in postgres interface -> `sudo -u postgres psql -d bitscreen`)
12. Insert entry into provider table with random created & updated timestamps and id = 0 and anonymous value to all other custom columns -> 
`INSERT INTO provider(created, updated, id, "walletAddressHashed", country, "businessName", website, email, "contactPerson", address) VALUES('2021-07-16 10:23:54', '2021-07-16 10:24:54', '0', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous', 'anonymous');`
12. Run server -> `yarn start`

## Using TypeORM
- Run `yarn typeorm` to see a complete list of available commands.


## Running with docker
Start the postgres database docker container
```bash
cd postgres_setup
docker-compose up &
```
Then start the server as described above

Running all using docker, from the root folder do this:
```bash
docker-compose -f postgres_setup/docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.yaml up
```

The above will use the bitscreen server `latest` docker image (eykoio/bitscreen-client).
You can build local image like this:
`docker build -t keykoio/bitscreen-client:latest .`
Use a different tag if you don't want it to overwrite the `latest` tag

To connect directly to the db we just started
```bash
psql -h 172.15.0.4 -p 5432 -d bitscreen -U bitscreen_api 
# then type the password Admin12 
# now you should be in the plsql `bitscreen=#` prompt so you can issue commands

```
